Add support for redirects (#1639)
r-lib/pkgdown: man/rmd-fragments/redirects-configuration.Rmd

If you change the structure of your documentation (vignettes for instance) you can setup redirects.

> One or several now-absent pages can be redirected to a new page (or to a new section of a new page.

Reviewer: This works by creating a html page that performs a "meta refresh", which isn't the best way of doing a redirect but works everywhere that you might deploy your site.

```yaml
redirects:

>   articles/new-vignette-name.html:

Author: I've used your second suggestion, but I preferred the syntax originally suggested in the issue. :thinking:

If you change the structure of your documentation (by renaming vignettes or help topics) you can setup redirects from the old content to the new content.
One or several now-absent pages can be redirected to a new page (or to a new section of a new page).
This works by creating a html page that performs a "meta refresh", which isn't the best way of doing a redirect but works everywhere that you might deploy your site.

> The syntax is the following, with disappeared pages on the right, new relative or absolute URLs on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax is the following, with old paths on the left, and new paths or URLs on the right.
```
